yum info    -v netcdf
Loading "fastestmirror" plugin
Loading "ovl" plugin
Config time: 0.010
rpmdb time: 0.001
ovl: Copying up (0) files from OverlayFS lower layer
Yum version: 3.4.3
Setting up Package Sacks
Loading mirror speeds from cached hostfile
 * base: mirror.netdepot.com
 * epel: d2lzkl7pfhq30w.cloudfront.net
 * extras: la.mirrors.clouvider.net
 * updates: mirror.dal.nexril.net
pkgsack time: 0.236
Installed Packages
Name        : netcdf
Arch        : x86_64
Version     : 4.3.3.1
Release     : 5.el7
Size        : 2.2 M
Repo        : installed
From repo   : epel
Committer   : Orion Poplawski <orion@cora.nwra.com>
Committime  : Thu Dec 10 05:00:00 2015
Buildtime   : Thu Dec 10 09:59:36 2015
Install time: Wed Feb 23 17:53:22 2022
Installed by: System <unset>
Changed by  : System <unset>
Summary     : Libraries for the Unidata network Common Data Form
URL         : http://www.unidata.ucar.edu/software/netcdf/
License     : NetCDF
Description : NetCDF (network Common Data Form) is an interface for
            : array-oriented data access and a freely-distributed collection of
            : software libraries for C, Fortran, C++, and perl that provides an
            : implementation of the interface.  The NetCDF library also defines
            : a machine-independent format for representing scientific data.
            : Together, the interface, library, and format support the creation,
            : access, and sharing of scientific data. The NetCDF software was
            : developed at the Unidata Program Center in Boulder, Colorado.
            : 
            : NetCDF data is:
            : 
            :    o Self-Describing: A NetCDF file includes information about the
            :      data it contains.
            : 
            :    o Network-transparent:  A NetCDF file is represented in a form
            :      that can be accessed by computers with different ways of
            :      storing integers, characters, and floating-point numbers.
            : 
            :    o Direct-access:  A small subset of a large dataset may be
            :      accessed efficiently, without first reading through all the
            :      preceding data.
            : 
            :    o Appendable:  Data can be appended to a NetCDF dataset along
            :      one dimension without copying the dataset or redefining its
            :      structure. The structure of a NetCDF dataset can be changed,
            :      though this sometimes causes the dataset to be copied.
            : 
            :    o Sharable:  One writer and multiple readers may simultaneously
            :      access the same NetCDF file.

