Last metadata expiration check: 0:06:23 ago on Thu Dec 30 03:52:10 2021.
Installed Packages
Name         : netcdf
Version      : 4.7.4
Release      : 3.1.mga8
Architecture : x86_64
Size         : 579 k
Source       : netcdf-4.7.4-3.1.mga8.src.rpm
Repository   : @System
From repo    : updates-x86_64
Summary      : Libraries to use the Unidata network Common Data Form (netCDF)
URL          : http://www.unidata.ucar.edu/software/netcdf/
License      : BSD
Description  : NetCDF (network Common Data Form) is an interface for array-oriented data
             : access and a freely-distributed collection of software libraries for C,
             : Fortran, C++, and perl that provides an implementation of the interface.
             : The netCDF library also defines a machine-independent format for representing
             : scientific data. Together, the interface, library, and format support the
             : creation, access, and sharing of scientific data. The netCDF software was
             : developed at the Unidata Program Center in Boulder, Colorado.
             : 
             : NetCDF data is:
             : 
             :    o Self-Describing. A netCDF file includes information about the data it
             :      contains.
             : 
             :    o Network-transparent. A netCDF file is represented in a form that can be
             :      accessed by computers with different ways of storing integers, characters,
             :      and floating-point numbers.
             : 
             :    o Direct-access. A small subset of a large dataset may be accessed
             :      efficiently, without first reading through all the preceding data.
             : 
             :    o Appendable. Data can be appended to a netCDF dataset along one dimension
             :      without copying the dataset or redefining its structure. The structure of
             :      a netCDF dataset can be changed, though this sometimes causes the dataset
             :      to be copied.
             : 
             :    o Sharable. One writer and multiple readers may simultaneously access the
             :      same netCDF file.

